docs: add information about enabled field in SSR Cache (#6732)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/integrations/redis-cache.md

};
```

We can break down package configuration into three pieces:

* `enabled` (required boolean) - contains boolean value, that is responsible for the package's running status.
* `invalidation` - please refer to [SSR Cache configuration](../performance/ssr-cache.md) page.
* `driver` - object containing:
  * `defaultTimeout` - number of seconds until records expire, even if not invalidated;
  * `redis` - object directly passed to [ioredis](https://github.com/luin/ioredis/blob/master/API.md#new-redisport-host-options);

::: warning

> If you are using VSF cloud, please make sure that the redis host is set to `redis` for the production mode/ENV variable, otherwise, your VSF app will no connect to the Redis server!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the Vue Storefront Cloud, set the `driver.redis.host` property to `redis` in the production environment. It will be automatically mapped to the address of the Redis instance.
```
